Godson Orkeh Street Gbara Ibimo, Sagamu-Abeokuta Express Road, Ogun State.

Adjustibles -
Electronic Technology And ICT Security System Integration(on the Home page) - ****impproving****

About Us(Page)
Now on Security Service Limited, an elite security and facility services company, provides proactive security services and cutting-edge smart technology to deliver evolving, tailored solutions that allow clients to focus on their core business.
Now-on Security Services Limited was created to combat the increasing rise in criminal acts, vandalism and safety hazards growing in our world today. We cover all areas and types of security, traffic control, supply of security equipment and accessories. 
Security presence is an essential in establishing peace of mind and it creates a safe environment for everyone, to carry out your daily tasks and channel your focus on what needs be. 
We aim to strategically reduce crime one establishment at a time and create a safer, healthier and more secure environment to live in.  

Now-On Security Services has a proven track record in providing reliable, affordable, and competent security services that will not send your security guard hire costs through the roof. 
 We operate 24/7 and are always available to dispatch your security requirements on short notice. Nigeria’s most trusted security company security guards 24/7 for your next 
MISSION STATEMENT
Our company mission is to provide best services, in line with global best practices and industry standards. The success of our company will only be measured by the level of compliance to these standards and measure of National productivity which our services procure, through a well-trained and disciplined Private Security Operatives.

Why choose us: 
our vision for tomorrow is a world where all accidents and hazards are promptly neutralized with zero injury, zero loss of lives and properties.  And we will achieve this together as you complete your security from NOW ON. 
Now on is steadily growing its reputation as one of the most efficient security service providers. We offer the best at affordable prices and provide customized services & gears according to the client’s specifications. 
Our company is licensed & insured with…… We assure our client receive a unique and wholesome experience using our services, the satisfaction of the clients as meets the request is our top priority. 

Our Interests:
The company’s interest centers on rendering to our clients highly customized private security consultancy services that will proffer solutions to a wide range of security issues and challenges.
We have no doubt that such services will go a long way in improving effectiveness, solving the problems and managing cost & loss to our numerous clients.

Our values are the foundation of our operations and the corporate culture is built on these values that help to shape a long-term, financially successful enterprise by creating value for customers, employees and shareholders. 
They are summarized in four words
	QUALITY - Our standard of service is top notch as we offer only the best options in the market. Good quality is the foundation of business.

From raw material collection, production and testing, to coating, packaging and shipment, we maintain a complete and in-depth quality management, no superficial, no bait-and-switch practice.

	INTEGRITY - honesty, responsibility, dependability, loyalty and trust. It simply is not just our core value but the very fabric of every core value. We abide by these high moral standard in our everday activities.
 
	EFFICIENCY - All delivaries are made on the scheduled dates, all preparations are made on the proposed time, and we pay keen attention to details. This is one of our most outstanding trait. Effienciently giving you the best client experience and trust in your security from Now on.

	DISCIPLINE - Our security guards are trained to act professionally at all time. No compromise no shortcuts. They are the embodiment of our core values. With this as our gumption to stick with difficult tasks all obstacles and discomfort are overcomed as we push to new height.




SERVICES
CCTV
We offer a range of choices, from traditional analog CCTV systems to the latest IP-based digital solutions. 
We can provide everything from stand-alone cameras for a branch office to full CCTV coverage for large building complexes and multiple properties. We also offer fully integrated IP addressable CCTV systems for high-security environments.

24/7 coverage

NOW-ON offers specialists in High Definition surveillance systems, access control system & intrusion alarm systems.
Our state-of-the-art monitoring systems allow us to provide high-reliability remote monitoring and response, day or night.

Some of the available features include:

Dome, bullet or box cameras
Day/night video technology
Infrared illumination
Wide range of digital video recorders
Touch screen monitor surveillance
Mobile connectivity for remote detection

Security Guard and Mobile Security:
We provide a large team of security guards of the highest standard to meet all clients’ needs. 
We invest time in an intensive selection process, which includes in-depth background checks. Our licensed guards are well trained and experienced in various security fields which include crowd control, traffic control, internal and external perimeter patrols, keen observatory skills in crime detection, deterrence and control, and construction of detailed, concise reports on all unusual incidents 
When it comes to handling an incident with minimal disruption to your operations, NOW-ON's security can make all the difference.

VIP Services:
NOW ON security services for VIP clients & government. This section is solely on special request and will be tailored to meet your requirements. NOW-ON has got you covered.

Consultation Services:
NOW-ON capabilities extensively dominates security training and offers expert consulting services on how to maximize security and effectively minimize crime. We offer security tips, and follow through training to an organization’s already present security officers. This keeps them in shape. sharpens their wits and updates them on the most recent security developments.
Book an appointment with us today
(link to contact page)



Fire Safety Services:
We can fully equip you with the neccessity to attack surpress and extinguish fire breakout. We offer consultancy on how to prevent fire,possible cause and harzards tat causes this accident in the work place and all the ways to combat a fire breakout in real time.
Provision and installation of fire fighter accessories and parts.
Our services include:
Fire fighting training & consultancy
Fire pump and accessories
Fire hydrant and fire cabinets
Fire Sprinklers and accessories
Fire cables and EMT conduit
Gas extinguishing system
Fire fighting trucks 
Fire fighting get ups, gears and accessories.



Training Services:
pdf


Access control Services:
With the integration of advanced technology and technical know how, NOW-ON offers services to revolutionize your security system,personalised to your taste. We can provide a range of equipment to improve access control on clients request. 
what we offer-
Design of alarms systems 
Installation and maintenance 
System upgrades 
Integration with electronic locks, intercom, cctv or security office 
Integration of locks, cctv and speakers to computer, tablets & smart phone  
Monitoring & notifications updates. 
Provision of Locks & Keys 
Provision of Safes 
Provision of Reinforced security doors 
Provision of Chains and Anchor point 
Provision of Door and window locks & hardware 
Other Customized products and Accessories on client request.